# Meeting MSc Thesis 2016-12-07

## Todo

- decision CUNY or not (leaning no? only 5 days to go) >> yes, don't submit for CUNY, but
  maybe for CogSci2017 in London
- topic for presentation in colloquium next week? >> yes, will work
- proposal how to succeed with simulations (additional experiments + systematic
  display and interpretation of sim results) >> see below!
- when to officially register thesis (start of next year? submission would be
  in Jun 2017, Feb/Mar 2017 earliest)
    - working topic for registration?
    - secondary adviser > Bruno? ask him (might be good bc. he knows Felix' implementation
      very very well; and of course the bayesian implementation)

## Additional discussion (relevant in a few weeks/months)

- using R to do faster simulations >> I think the Said et al (2016) paper can
  help us to formulate a more rigorous version of ACT-R-in-R, satisfying more
  assumptions of the original ACT-R model
    - to what extent are the R simulations of ACT-R still the same model,
      to what aren't they?
    - 
- in the end, in the best case, all three models (Felix' version in ACT-R, 
  Felix'/Bruno's version in R, and the 'more rigorous update', have to be
  tested in order to allow comparison between them)

## Problems

- model is not implemented as a fully fledged parser
    - either: Bruno's route -- simulate retrieval 
    - or: implement a large scale parser (dependency or PCFG) 

## Work

RELATIVE CLAUSES

1) Just & Carpenter 1991
2) Grodner & Gibson 2005 Exp 1
3) G&G 2005 Exp 2 (compare LV05 - new)
4) Staub et al 2016 CogSci
5) Staub 2011 (CogSci)

INTERFERENCE EFFECTS

1) Van Dyke & Lewis 2003 (compare LV05 - new)

EFFECTS OF STORAGE LOAD

1) Grodner, Gibson & Tunstall

>> plot TRT, FFD, FPRT, GPT
>> compare act-r-in-r and new EMMA/ACT-R
