# Summary of SEP entry 'Models in Science' ([link](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/models-science/))

### Contents

1) Semantics: models and representations
    1) representational models I: models of phenomena
    2) representational models II: models of data
    3) models of theory
2) Ontology: what are models?
    1) physical objects
    2) fictional objects
    3) set-theoretic structures
    4) descriptions
    5) equations
    6) gerrymandered ontologies
3) Epistemology: learning with models
    1) learning about the model: experiments, thought experiments and simulation
    2) converting knowledge about the model into knowledge about the target
4) Models and theory
    1) the syntactic and the semantic view of theories
    2) models as independent of theories
5) Models and other debates in the philosophy of science
    1) models and realism vs. antirealism
    2) models and reductionism
    3) models and lows of nature
    4) models and scientific explanation
6) Conclusion

### 1. Semantics: models and representation

#### :

...

### 3. Epistemology: learning with models

- general assumption: models as *vehicles* for learning about the world
- models allow for **surrogative reasoning**: by studying a model, we can gain
  knowledge about what the model stands for (the reality)
- new style of reasoning emerging from this: 'model based reasoning'

But how is learning with models possible in the first place?

One approach is the **DDI account** (Hughes, 1997)

1) Denotation: establish representation relation between model and target
2) Demonstration: learn about the model; study features of the model to 
   demonstrate theoretical claims about its internal constitution or mechanism
3) Interpretion: convert knowledge about model into claims about the target
   system

#### 3.1 Learning about the model: experiments, thought experiments and simulation

Learning about a model happens at (1) building the model, and (2) manipulating
it. The building stage provides insights about the model already because there
is no simple recipe for building models, so simply getting to run the different
parts and their interaction is a learning process. The built model, on the other
hand, has to be investigated and manipulated in order to understand it better.

The methods that are necessary for building and manipulating a model highly
depend on the kind of the model (e.g., material vs. fictional vs. mathematical
etc.).

##### Methods for mathematical models

- derive results, solve equations analytically (only simplest math. models)
- numerical solutions
- simulations (in natural, as well as social and human sciences):
    - often used with dynamic models (involving time)
    - imitating a process in reality (which is often dependent on time) by
      another process
    - goal: describe the time-evolution of the target system in some
      principled way
    - often the only way to learn about a dynamical model

##### Computer simulations

Simulations are mostly often used in connection with *dynamic models*, i.e.
those involving time.
